OS-253 : rename proposalId to pluginProposalId (#357)
aragon/osx: packages/subgraph/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Changed attribute of `proposalId` in all proposal entities to `pluginProposalId`.

Reviewer: If it's a breaking change to external users, I would add some `BREAKING` mention

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be reflected through the increment of the `MAJOR` version number according to the [semantic versioning conventions](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)?

> Given a version number MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH, increment the:
> 1. MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes
> 2. MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner
> 3. PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes
>
> Additional labels for pre-release and build metadata are available as extensions to the MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH format.

### Changed

> - Changed attribute of `proposalId` in all proposal entities to `pluginProposalId`. (this will break sdk/ui)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BREAKING: Changed attribute of `proposalId` in all proposal entities to `pluginProposalId`
```
